Endomorphins are endogenous peptides that have high affinity and selectivity for
the mu-opiate receptor and potent analgesic activity. The distributions of
endomorphin 1 (Tyr-Pro-Trp-Phe-NH2; EM1) and endomorphin 2 (Tyr-Pro-Phe-Phe-NH2;
EM2) in the rat central nervous system were determined by immunocytochemistry
with two antisera, each demonstrating clear preference for the target antigen.
Perikarya expressing EM2-like immunoreactivity were present in the posterior
hypothalamus, whereas those expressing EM1-like immunoreactivity were present in
both the posterior hypothalamus and the nucleus of the solitary tract (NTS).
EM1-like immunoreactivity was more widely and densely distributed throughout the
brain than was EM2-like immunoreactivity, whereas EM2-like immunoreactivity was
more prevalent in the spinal cord than was EM1-like immunoreactivity. The
greatest density of EM1-like-immunoreactive fibers was detected in the
parabrachial nucleus and the NTS, with notable staining in the septum, diagonal
band, bed nucleus of the stria terminalis, organum vasculosum, nucleus of
Meynert, paraventricular thalamic nucleus, posterior hypothalamic nucleus,
periaqueductal gray, locus coeruleus, nucleus accumbens, and amygdala. The
greatest density of EM2-like-immunoreactive fibers was detected in the
superficial laminae of the spinal cord dorsal horn and the nucleus of the spinal
trigeminal tract. The overall pattern of immunoreactivities was similar in rat,
mouse, and guinea pig, but some differences were observed. In many but not in all
locations, immunoreactive fibers were prominently present in regions in which mu
receptors are reported to be concentrated. The neuroanatomical results suggest
that endomorphins participate in modulating nociceptive and autonomic nervous
system processes and responsiveness to stress.